well it is time for Sunday brunch we've
got Julie Yoder here this morning which
means she's going to make something
healthy and flavorful which I always
love to try your recipes at home it's
really there they're always delicious
and they sound like they may not be your
really like a little hesitant because
it's really healthy but they're always
really good what are you making today
okay so we're making fattoush which is a
Lebanese bread salad all right and I
started out and I have a quarter cup of
lemon juice that's about two lemons
yielded and a quarter cup of olive oil
then I have a quarter cup of mint and a
quarter cup of parsley engineers you
grew this in your garden I did I grew it
in my garden smell it the mint is really
strong absolutely then we have a clove
of one garlic or a teaspoon of if you
buy the minced garlic and the thing
that's a teaspoon and then this is the
secret ingredient a great ingredient all
right it's called sumac sumac which is a
middle-eastern
you can only get in a Middle Eastern
grocery store but there is one at fifty
first I'm Sheridan so you can get it you
can get it what is it and it's just a
spice and it's it's a unique flavor but
it's really yummy that's about two
tablespoons and then a teaspoon of salt
and a dash of pepper and that's kind of
how you make recipes more healthy as you
try to find spices and healthy flavors
that are really pungent without adding a
lot of fat right exactly because then
the flavor actually helps so here we
have six cups of lettuce we have this is
three tomatoes it's apparently in the
Lebanese like there Tomatoes so we've
got three whole Tomatoes here we've got
two cups of cucumbers looks all pretty
yeah very colorful and then I do
chickpeas yes
add protein yeah that's always a good
way that I can make a salad into a meal
adding some protein and it's one canned
chickpeas and then this is for a green
onions this is an ounce of feta so
everything's better with a little cheese
and then other secret ingredient for
salad is a bread in it yeah pita bread
is commonly used but you can use other
kinds of bread whatever you have
I was wondering it was called bread
salad we had to have some bread in here
fry exactly
so then you just put the dressing on top
toss it and then it's ready to eat you
don't want to put the dressing on too
too early too early or it kind of makes
it soggy it's not as good so well this
is a very unique recipe very light for
summer when it's hot outside you don't
want to cook and of course we have this
recipe online right now at kjh calm and